Allow cloud.* ad faas.* resource attributes to be set on span (#1265)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/resource/semantic_conventions/faas.md

<!-- endsemconv -->

Note: The resource attribute `faas.instance` differs from the span attribute `faas.execution`. For more information see the [Semantic conventions for FaaS spans](../../trace/semantic_conventions/faas.md#difference-between-execution-and-instance).

> Note: All `faas` resource attributes MAY also be used as span attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some or all `faas` resource attributes MAY also be used as span attributes.
```
